I want to talk about the persona pattern and agents because the persona pattern is one that's really sort of fundamental to building agents. Most agents, we're going to give them some persona and you've probably seen this in examples that people have done of agents where they've said, you are a helpful assistant. Act as a simple and helpful AI or whatever it is. It is telling the AI its persona, who it is, what it knows, what it does. But if you think about it, a persona is actually a profoundly exciting programming abstraction that we can use to give our agent behaviors that are really interesting that maybe would be hard to program. Now we're going to talk about the persona pattern in more detail, but the basic idea behind it is we're going to tell the agent to act as some persona, like act as a helpful and friendly agent or as in the example we're about to see, act as a speech-language pathologist. So notice what we're doing it. We're telling it the persona to adopt, but the persona is going to be, you know, who it is, but it's going to also come with it things that that persona does, operations that that persona would perform. And we'll see this in a minute in a follow-up video where we're going to go and explore the persona pattern in more detail. But I want to give you a quick peek at this. So we're going to tell our generative AI to act as a speech-language pathologist. I'm going to tell you what a three-year-old said, and you will write an assessment for me. I need Wei Woi. It says, child speech sample, I need Wei Woi. Assessment, based on the provided speech sample, it appears the child may be experiencing some phonological and articulation errors, which are common in children around this age. Constant errors, and it talks about constant errors. Syllable structure, and it talks about syllable structure. Now let's think about this computationally. What have we done? We've created an abstraction, a programming abstraction. A persona is a building block. It is a programming abstraction that we can now apply, kind of like we do classes in object-oriented programming, but it's something much more powerful and profound. Now what did doing this get us? Well when we said act as a speech-language pathologist, it brought with it a lot of operations that a speech-language pathologist would perform, like looking at the syllable structure of the speech sample, looking for constant errors, articulation errors, all these things. I didn't have to tell it to do those things because the concept of a speech-language pathologist brings with it all of these operations and capabilities and how they should be performed. I didn't have to go and tell it step by step. Now you're going to do syllable structure. Now you're going to have to do articulation errors, and here's what it means to do the analysis. If you wanted to program this, holy smokes, it would be a vast amount of code to go and express how to programmatically perform the operations that a speech-language pathologist performed. Even if you wanted to go and spell this out in rules, in natural language, it would take you a vast number of rules to go and describe what this persona does, what a speech-language pathologist does. It's going to be a huge number of rules written out. That is one of the other key benefits, is personas are highly token-efficient because the model already knows most of these personas and what they mean and what they do, and so we specify it with a small number of tokens, but it's an information-dense set of tokens that then empower it to go and perform specific operations. Versus if I go and spell out all the rules of what a speech-language pathologist does, that is very token inefficient in comparison because I'm going to have to go and spell out a whole lot. But the other thing is, is it's already been trained on and seen what speech-language pathologists do. It's going to be hard for me to match all of the information that it's seeing in a bunch of rules that I spell out. So personas are a very efficient programming abstraction when we start thinking of prompts as computation. The other thing that's really important about them is as we start heading into multi-agent systems soon, what we're going to see is before we get there, we can build many multi-agent systems by simply having our agent talk to tools that embody a particular persona and use the persona pattern. So we can have it talk to and perform speech-language pathology operations by giving it a tool where we essentially prompt with the persona of a speech-language pathologist. So now, let's dive in and learn more about the persona pattern and how we apply it.