I want to start with talking about translation, and this may seem a little crazy, but these models, the reason they were built originally is people were thinking about language translation. They were testing them in the original papers, they were testing them on translation tasks, translating from one language to another. It turns out they're supremely good at translation, but good at translation in a way that we have to rethink what translation means. So let's look at an example of this. I'm going to go into chat GBT, and I'm going to have it do a translation task. I'm going to say, imagine a language based on the stacking of rocks. Translate teachers drive the world forward into this language. Now, think about that. This language doesn't exist. I mean, asking it to imagine and build its own language based on the stacking of rocks, and then to translate a phrase in English into this imaginary language that's based on the stacking of rocks. That is a translation task that is really amazing, but it's not one that a computer has ever been able to approach. A human could, but not a computer. It comes back and it says, in a language based on the stacking of rocks, each concept or word would be represented by a specific arrangement of rocks using their size, shape, and positioning. Teachers, a stack of rocks arranged to symbolize stability, foundation, and guidance. Three large flat rocks forming a stable base of a triangle. Middle layer, smaller rounded rocks symbolizing individual teachers, and top layer, a single flat rock representing unity and guidance. Drive, a dynamic arrangement suggesting movement and propulsion. It goes on and it describes how we could stack rocks to represent this idea of teachers drive the world forward. It goes on to even draw a little ASCII art diagrams. If you think about the complexity of that translation task, it's not only imagining a new language, but it's then translating into that new language. It is doing something that computers could not do before. It's these capabilities that are going to reshape what we can do in computing, and also reshape who is an innovator in computing. Let's start taking a look at how we use translation and some of these capabilities to do new things. One of the things that you always hear about with generative AI is everybody complains about hallucination. Hallucination, how will we ever trust these systems because of hallucination? Hallucination is being talked about as if it's this problem, as if it's this flaw in generative AI. No, hallucination is a new form of computation that we can now use. It's an incredibly important form of computation. In fact, I think if we didn't have hallucination, we wouldn't be interested in generative AI. I want to take you through what this new form of computation can do and how that reshapes computing. Like you come home at the end of the day, and you realize that you haven't paid attention to what was in your pantry, and now you need to cook something. You assemble the items on the counter and you say, this is all I have in my pantry, give me a dinner recipe. It comes back and it says, black bean and avocado salad with yogurt lime dressing. It goes on then to give you the complete instructions to cook it. Now, think about that. We just applied this new operation, this new type of computation, hallucination to solve a real-world problem that would have been really hard to solve with computing before. Now, we used a lot of other things to make this work, but it dreamed up something and it was easy. It was easy to apply this new form of computation. When we start thinking about how we can apply it, we can use it not only to come up with games or what we might eat for tonight, but also to inform us. One of the biggest problems that I have with how people use generative AI is they go off and they try to use it to seek answers. This is the wrong way of thinking about using it. Not only because it can make mistakes in the answer, because it can hallucinate at the wrong time when you don't want it to, or when you don't recognize that it's hallucinating, which is the bigger problem. We have to think about using it in ways that are more thoughtful and more creative that allows to tap into this hallucination computation. One of the ways we can do that is we can never ask for answers. Instead, we can ask for perspectives and always ask for more than one of something. Because the moment we ask for more than one of something, we begin learning. Let's look at an example of this. I'm camping with my family in the woods. We have tinfoil, a skillet, and no other cooking tools other than fire. Give me three ways to bake a cake and compare and contrast the difficult. Now, notice what I'm doing. I'm asking it to hallucinate three different ways. Not one, not an answer, not how to bake the cake, but many different ways. It comes back with, I can do a tinfoil oven, I can do skillet baking, I can do a Dutch oven substitute, and then it compares and contrasts them across a number of dimensions, like heat control and outcome and ease of use. But you notice what's happened. Now that it's given me more than one, now that I've applied hallucination as an operation, I get lots of different ways, but I'm learning. I'm learning ways that I may not have known, and I'm also learning when I might use one versus the other, but I then still have the ability to decide how I'm going to do it and why. I might come up with a fourth way that combines these in some way, or I might follow up with questions, but it stops being about give me an answer, and it starts using hallucination as a new computation that can help inform my perspective, discover new ways of solving problems, apply things in unique and unconventional ways to all kinds of interesting things. Now, one of the things that we can do with it is we can help solve problems in human bias. And one of the problems that we have in human bias is confirmation bias. We look at data and we say, this is what it means. And we don't look at other perspectives on data. And we with AI before of the past only ended up suffering from more bias because it couldn't give us alternative perspectives. It was trained and gave us one perspective. But now we can say, please look at the data and generate three conflicting interpretations of it, and we can force ourselves to look at many different perspectives on the data. And then it forces us to think more deeply about it and weigh the different perspectives and decide what is appropriate. The AI doesn't become the source of the bias. It becomes the source of helping us to break out of our bias and our perspectives. Or maybe we go and we have humans that are collaborating on a project and they're meeting and we take the meeting transcript. And I don't know why people think summarizing meetings is the end all be all of generative AI. I think it's the worst use case. I think it's a waste of generative AI because we can do something much more valuable. We can simply look at the transcript and say, please review the transcript and identify three potential ambiguities for the team to discuss. And it can read the transcript and look at the project that the team is discussing and try to find problems where maybe there's a gap and we need to have the team members communicate further. And it doesn't matter if it hallucinates because if it hallucinates, the worst case is that people talked more about those things and came to agreement that there wasn't ambiguity there. And it furthered human communication.