How do these agentic systems go and interact with the world? Well, we typically have them interact with
the world through tools or actions that they
can take through those tools. What we're going to
talk about now is this concept of a tool
or an action that an agent can go
and use to try to accomplish a task
because most of the time we don't want
it to just dream up whatever it wants to do in
order to accomplish the task. For example, if we're
going to plan a trip, and it tells us that, well, you need to go and plan a trip that involves flying,
and we don't want to fly, that doesn't make any sense,
so we want to tell it, what are the allowed
methods of transportation? Or if we tell it that it can go and collect
information from us about what's happening
as we're trying to figure out that Internet
connection on our machine, if we tell it it's
allowed to use a screenshot as a way of
collecting information, that's one method
that it could do it. If we don't want to
take screenshots, we might say, well, your
only tool is to ask me. Your only action is to ask me what happened for
me to report back. We can think about giving them different tools to go
and accomplish tasks. Now, I'm going to go back
to this cooking example, and we're going to equip our agentic AI with some tools. Here's what
we're going to say. These are the only
tools available to you. Pan, you have a one quart
sautee pan, a skillet, a large cast iron skillet, a wood fire, and I say a
fire burning using oak. You're going to help me
cook whatever I need. Since you can't directly lift pots and pans or get food out, you will tell me the steps, and I will perform them. We will go one step at a time, ask me for what I want to cook. Now what I'm doing
is I'm giving it, here are the tools that you have available at your
disposal to cook this. It's not the universe of
cooking utensils and devices. You can't go and say, well,
I want an Instant Pot, and I want a microwave, no, you've got a wood fire, a skillet, and a pan, that's it. Now, it has to figure
out how does it solve the problem with the
tools available to it. These are the tools
in the prompt, and you very commonly
see something like this done more sophisticated ways,
more programmatic ways. Often these tools are
described using languages that are more innate
to computers, but this is basically a
rough approximation of this, and what we'll see is it can
clue in on this and do it. This is where we're telling it, these are the tools
available to you. We could also say, these are the actions
available to you, like, put pan on fire,
things like that. It's a different way
of approaching it, but we're going to take a
look with the tool approach. It says, what do you
want to cook today? I go back and I say,
I want to cook pizza on the wood fire with a
skillet or a sautee pan. It says, it's a fantastic choice , gather your ingredients. I've got my first task
to go and perform, so I go and grab all
the ingredients, and I say, I'm ready. Then it comes back, and it
says, prepare the dough. It tells me what to do
to prepare the dough, and again, asking
me when I'm done. I say, I'm done. Then it comes back and it says, prepare the wood fire, and tells me how to
get the fire prepared. Notice it's using
a tool that I have access to that I've
told it it can use, and then it tells me how to put the cast iron skillet on it. Tell me once the
skillet's preheated. I say, it's done. Comes back, and it says, now let's continue. Cook the dough. Carefully brush a thin layer of olive oil
on the preheated skillet. Again, it's solving the problem with the
tools I gave it. I have constrained its universe of options and actions and things it can do
down to this set of tools that I need to
accomplish the problem. Because what's common in the real world is we don't get to just do whatever we want, we have limited resources, limited tools or things that we have to solve
the problem with. An agentic AI has to be
able to do the same thing. It can't go and say, you want
to do X with a computer, therefore, I will reach into the world's fastest
supercomputer and do that. No, you don't have access to it. You don't get to do that. We have to be able to
put constraints on what tools it can use
to solve the problem, and that's how we're doing
it here in the prompt. Then I say, I'm done
with that step, comes back and it says,
now add the toppings. Again, we're still using, roughly, the tools
that we've got. Keeps going, place the
skillet on the wood fire, gives me some
different information. It's roughly constrained to all the tools that I've
basically told it to use, and it's solving the problem. This is how we go about, begin to think about getting our agent to solve the problem, but not to just solve
it arbitrarily, but to solve it in a way
that is bounded in terms of, when we think about
our computer systems, they have limited actions
that they can perform. They are constrained.
They are rigid. We have to start
taking agentic AI, and we have to start
putting bounds on how it interacts
with those systems by giving it a concept of a tool or an action that could be performed
with those systems, and we have to bound
those tools and actions to what those systems
can actually perform. It can do all kinds of things. It can dream up all kinds of
ways of solving the problem. It could go and tell a human all kinds of crazy ways
of solving the problem, and a human could go and
probably perform many of those ways of solving
the problem without being told explicitly to
be bounded in some way. But the moment we begin putting these agentic AI systems in contact with something like our customer relationship
management system, our CRM system, or in control over our email, or in control over whatever
other system it is, those systems are
going to be very limited in what they can do and the actions
they can take, and so we're going
to have to express those tools or actions that bound the capabilities
of those systems to the agentic AI. Now, do we call this
a tool or an action? There's no hard and fast
rule to this, I would say. Many times action is the
better way to think about it. I'm going to go
and say, these are the explicit actions
that you can take, particularly when we start talking about interfacing
with computer systems. Computer systems that
often makes sense to talk in terms
of actions because there's such finite number of things that you can
ask the system to do, and so it's easier to spell it out as a
series of actions. If you're talking
about interfacing with something as open ended
as a human being, thinking about
expressing it in terms of tools often makes more sense because human beings can perform many different
actions with a tool, and they can flexibly adapt, and so if the agentic AI says, go and perform this
action with this tool, a human will know
how to do that. Or if it says, use this tool to do this, a human can go and
fill in the blanks. But when we're interfacing with our rigid computer systems,
they can't do that, and so often we have to describe
each individual action, or operation, or instruction. Think about like CPUs, and now they have a
limited number of instructions they can perform, and we have to start thinking
about defining it more explicitly in terms of
actions. Which one do you use? It depends on the context, depends on what
you're trying to do, but you can think about
expressing it both ways. There's also other ways that
you could do it as well, but these are two of the
most common ways to do it.